readme.md, before:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/serifcolakel">
    <img src="https://i.hizliresim.com/a27dhrh.jpg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<br />
<br />

## About The Project

In this project, I developed the TODO application, which is one of the projects for developers at the introductory stage, by applying the design examples I obtained from the internet. Apart from the good experience I had, it offered the opportunity to apply the back-end methods I learned.

<details>
  <summary>Image of Project (VERY SOON...)</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
        <p>Home Page</p>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

### Built With

In this section, the technologies used in the construction of the project are included.

#### Client-side

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) -> for Front-end
- [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) -> for Hooks
- [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/quick-start) -> for Router
- [Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) -> for HTTP Client requests
- [Ant Design](https://ant.design/) -> for Design
- [CkEditor](https://ckeditor.com/) -> for Rich Text Editor

#### Server-side

- [Cors](https://cors.io/) -> for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
- [Dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) -> for Environment Variables
- [Nodemoon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) -> for Node Monitor
- [Uuid](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid) -> for Unique Identifier
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) -> for Web Framework
- [Multer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/multer) -> for File Upload
- [Mysql](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql) -> for Database
- [Swagger](https://swagger.io/) -> for Documentation
- [Json Web Token](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken) -> for Authentication
- [JWT](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt) -> for Authentication
- [Jwt-decode](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt-decode) -> for Authentication

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

In this section, the steps for the cloning of the project and the improvements to be made by you are shown.

### Prerequisites

By following the steps below, your project can be run after the local installation.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/serifcolakel/CRUD-with-Mysql-NodeJS-ReactJS
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   cd client
   npm install
   cd server
   npm install
   ```
3. Enter your SECRET_KEY in `.env`
   ```.env
   cd server
   SECRET_KEY="ENTER YOUR secret KEY"
   ```
4. Run the server with `nodemon`
   ```sh
   cd server
   npm run start
   ```
5. Run the client
   ```sh
   cd client
   npm run start
   ```

<div align="right">
  <a href="#top">
      <img src="https://i.hizliresim.com/oxq9b8i.png" alt="Logo" width="40px" height="40px">
  </a>
</div>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

In this section, you can access the documentation of the libraries used during the creation of the project.

_For more examples, please refer to the [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/) [React Hooks Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) [React Router Documentation](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/quick-start) [Axios Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) [Ant Design Documentation](https://ant.design/) [CkEditor Documentation](https://ckeditor.com/) [Cors Documentation](https://cors.io/) [Dotenv Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) [Nodemoon Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) [Uuid Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid) [Express Documentation](https://expressjs.com/) [Multer Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/multer)[Mysql Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql)[Swagger Documentation](https://swagger.io/) [Json Web Token Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken) [JWT Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt) [Jwt-decode Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt-decode) ._

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Added Login page design (with username/email verification)
- [x] Added Router for the client
- [x] Added Router for the server
- [x] Added Blogs Crud page design (with CRUD operations)
- [x] Added Users Crud page design (with CRUD operations)
- [ ] Improved for server & clint side file & folder structure
- [x] Added CRUD functionality
- [ ] Improved CRUD functionality
- [x] Added authentication
- [ ] Improved authentication functionality
- [ ] Improved design
- [ ] Add user notifications

See the [open issues](https://github.com/serifcolakel/CRUD-with-Mysql-NodeJS-ReactJS/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

<p align="center">
    <a href="mailto:serifcolakel0@gmail.com">
        <img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-serifcolakel0@gmail.com-green style=flat&logo=gmail">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/serifcolakel/" target="_blank">
        <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-@serifcolakel-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.instagram.com/serifcolakell/">
        <img alt="Instagram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-serifcolakell-red?style=flat-square&logo=instagram">
    </a>
</p>

Project Link: [https://github.com/serifcolakel/todo-App](https://github.com/serifcolakel/todo-App)

<div align="right">
  <a href="#top">
      <img src="https://i.hizliresim.com/oxq9b8i.png" alt="Logo" width="40px" height="40px">
  </a>
</div>

Commit message:

ADDED:REAMDE.md Roadmap Details added.

readme.md, after:

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/serifcolakel">
    <img src="https://i.hizliresim.com/a27dhrh.jpg" alt="Logo" width="80" height="80">
  </a>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#about-the-project">About The Project</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#built-with">Built With</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#getting-started">Getting Started</a>
      <ul>
        <li><a href="#prerequisites">Prerequisites</a></li>
        <li><a href="#installation">Installation</a></li>
      </ul>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#usage">Usage</a></li>
    <li><a href="#roadmap">Roadmap</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contributing">Contributing</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contact">Contact</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
<br />
<br />

## About The Project

In this project, I aim to perform operations such as testing and managing CRUD operations by making use of the documentation of the relevant libraries in terms of contributing to the logic operations on the front-end side and understanding the operation, as well as understanding the way of managing the developments and functionality on the backend side with the trainings I have received.

<details>
  <summary>Screenshots of Project</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
        <p>Home Page</p>
    </li>
  </ol>
</details>

### Built With

In this section, the technologies used in the construction of the project are included.

#### Client-side

- [React](https://reactjs.org/) -> for Front-end
- [React Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) -> for Hooks
- [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/quick-start) -> for Router
- [Axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) -> for HTTP Client requests
- [Ant Design](https://ant.design/) -> for Design
- [CkEditor](https://ckeditor.com/) -> for Rich Text Editor

#### Server-side

- [Cors](https://cors.io/) -> for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
- [Dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) -> for Environment Variables
- [Nodemoon](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) -> for Node Monitor
- [Uuid](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid) -> for Unique Identifier
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/) -> for Web Framework
- [Multer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/multer) -> for File Upload
- [Mysql](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql) -> for Database
- [Swagger](https://swagger.io/) -> for Documentation
- [Json Web Token](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken) -> for Authentication
- [JWT](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt) -> for Authentication
- [Jwt-decode](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt-decode) -> for Authentication

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started

In this section, the steps for the cloning of the project and the improvements to be made by you are shown.

### Prerequisites

By following the steps below, your project can be run after the local installation.

- npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```

### Installation

_Below is an example of how you can instruct your audience on installing and setting up your app. This template doesn't rely on any external dependencies or services._

1. Clone the repo
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/serifcolakel/CRUD-with-Mysql-NodeJS-ReactJS
   ```
2. Install NPM packages
   ```sh
   cd client
   npm install
   cd ..
   cd server
   npm install
   ```
3. Enter your SECRET_KEY in `.env`
   ```.env
   cd server
   SECRET_KEY="ENTER YOUR secret KEY"
   ```
4. Run the server with `nodemon`
   ```sh
   cd server
   npm run start
   ```
5. Run the client
   ```sh
   cd client
   npm run start
   ```

<div align="right">
  <a href="#top">
      <img src="https://i.hizliresim.com/oxq9b8i.png" alt="Logo" width="40px" height="40px">
  </a>
</div>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->

## Usage

In this section, you can access the documentation of the libraries used during the creation of the project.

_For more examples, please refer to the [React Documentation](https://reactjs.org/) [React Hooks Documentation](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html) [React Router Documentation](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/quick-start) [Axios Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) [Ant Design Documentation](https://ant.design/) [CkEditor Documentation](https://ckeditor.com/) [Cors Documentation](https://cors.io/) [Dotenv Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) [Nodemoon Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/nodemon) [Uuid Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/uuid) [Express Documentation](https://expressjs.com/) [Multer Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/multer)[Mysql Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql)[Swagger Documentation](https://swagger.io/) [Json Web Token Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jsonwebtoken) [JWT Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt) [Jwt-decode Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jwt-decode) ._

<!-- ROADMAP -->

## Roadmap

- [x] Added Mysql Database Connection
- [x] Added Login page design (with username/email verification)
- [x] Added Router for the client
- [x] Added Router for the server
- [x] Added Blogs Crud page design (with CRUD operations)
- [x] Added Users Crud page design (with CRUD operations)
- [ ] Improve server & client side file & folder structure
- [x] Added CRUD functionality
- [ ] Improve CRUD functionality
- [ ] Add
- [x] Added authentication
- [ ] Improve authentication functionality
- [ ] Add Redux
- [ ] Improve design
- [ ] Add user notifications

See the [open issues](https://github.com/serifcolakel/CRUD-with-Mysql-NodeJS-ReactJS/issues) for a full list of proposed features (and known issues).

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".
Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

<!-- CONTACT -->

## Contact

<p align="center">
    <a href="mailto:serifcolakel0@gmail.com">
        <img alt="Email" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-serifcolakel0@gmail.com-green style=flat&logo=gmail">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/serifcolakel/" target="_blank">
        <img alt="LinkedIn" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-@serifcolakel-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.instagram.com/serifcolakell/">
        <img alt="Instagram" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-serifcolakell-red?style=flat-square&logo=instagram">
    </a>
</p>

Project Link: [https://github.com/serifcolakel/todo-App](https://github.com/serifcolakel/todo-App)

<div align="right">
  <a href="#top">
      <img src="https://i.hizliresim.com/oxq9b8i.png" alt="Logo" width="40px" height="40px">
  </a>
</div>
